Add a guard in the example with a message passing (#3996)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/detached-window-memory-leaks/index.md

}
let slide = 1;
function nextSlide() {

>   if (!updateNotes) return;
>   slide += 1;
>   // tell the popup to update without directly referencing it:
>   updateNotes(['setSlide', slide]);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  slide += 1;
  // if the popup is open, tell it to update without referencing it:
  if (updateNotes) {
    updateNotes(['setSlide', slide]);
  }
```
